Good afternoon, I want to present to your
Attention new multicooker philips hd
the appearance of the multicooker as you see
very attractive it is released 1
champagne coloring
at the multicooker touch panel
due holds their teflon bowl
capacity 5 liters non-stick
a coating that can be washed if desired
dishes powerful machine let's see
here's a cup
the bowl is 2 millimeters thick which
also is the features of this model
also feature of this multicooker
this is a 3d heating function that
allows you to evenly distribute heat
lanyard motivation in my opinion short
its length is 120 meters
anyway he limited
the location of this technology on
coin included other than
directly the slow cooker and bowl
silicone also included
tack
the spoon stirrer actually turned out to be very
comfortable
spoon ladle measuring cup
plastic
and stand for steamer also in
the kit includes a book
I would like to say about the instructions
in my opinion the instruction
inconsistent and incomprehensible but if
cook everything according to the recipe book
anyway cook a few
dishes and immediately everything becomes clear as what
cook recipe book all
consistently and readily written that
how do let's go back
directly to the mass of cooking hour
and when preparing the bowl you will need
put correctly in the groove insert
close the lid cooking
starts with the menu button we press the button
menu and here are a few features pic rice
porridge yogurt fry and stew
drink and very useful last button
your choice after we chose
any function in each function
of course you can have your own settings
adjust the extra time itself
There is a button for this.
cooking time and a button
plus or minus we choose the right time
then go to the temperature
mode button temperature set
temperature again with plus buttons
minus after that click on the button
start hold for 3 seconds and in general
the slow cooker began its work
In addition, there is such a multicooker
important
functions this is the delay start timer to 24
o'clock
child lock function for
safe operation of the device and
heat maintenance function
.
It was an acquaintance with the multicooker Phillips
Soon we will be with her
cook something delicious and of course
share the video with you thanks for
Attention